Xi Shao
Why are you here? I heard that Sibao is sick.
Come and see
Thank you for your concern
I'm here now.
You can leave now.
The child is sick.
You don't even know how you became a mother
It's not up to an outsider to take care of my family's affairs
Please go out
Otherwise your wife will be jealous again.
It's not because I feel sorry for this child
Do you still want to worry about this child?
Forget it, since he's a kid of velvet paper
I don't need to worry
Miss Shang, how is my daughter?
Your daughter's health is not good.
She developed acute leukemia today
How could this be?
I remember reminding you before.
Get you a 1 million
Did you get it together?
Immediate surgery is required
Otherwise you can only plan for the worst
Nice
Why did you suddenly get sick?
Hello, Mom.
I gave you all my previous salary.
How much do you have left now?
I said before that I have no money.
It's this time
Are you going to die for the Four Treasures?
You white-eyed wolf
Just feel sorry for your daughter, right?
Don't feel sorry for me, take all the money and keys to save him.
What should I do?
No money is no money mom
Xia Lily heard that your daughter is sick.
I will come here to help you.